DOCSP-46688: Add collection configuration sections (#161)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/databases-collections.txt

optional parameters, see the `create_collection() API documentation
<{+api-root+}pymongo/database.html#pymongo.database.Database.create_collection>`__.

Time Series Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Time series collections efficiently store sequences of measurements over a period of time.

> The following example creates a time series collection called ``"example_ts_collection"``
> with a time field called ``"timestamp"``:

Reviewer: S: remove quotes from non-string references
```suggestion
The following example creates a time series collection called ``example_ts_collection``
in which the documents' time field is called ``timestamp``:
```

Author: Will change this on the whole page.

.. code-block:: python

   database = client["test_database"]
   database.create_collection("example_ts_collection", timeseries={"timeField": "timestamp"})

> For more information about using time series data with {+driver-short+}, see the
> :ref:`<pymongo-time-series>` guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using time series data with {+driver-short+}, see the
:ref:`pymongo-time-series` guide.
```

Capped Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Capped collections have a maximum size that prevent them from growing beyond a specified
> limit. The following example creates a capped collection called ``"example_capped_collection"``
> with a maximum size of 1000 bytes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a capped collection that cannot grow beyond a specified
document count or memory size. The following example creates a capped collection called ``example_capped_collection`` that has a maximum size of 1000 bytes:
```

.. code-block:: python

   database = client["test_database"]
   database.create_collection("example_capped_collection", capped=True, size=1000)

> To learn more about capped collections, see the :manual:`Capped Collections </core/capped-collections/>`
> guide in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about capped collections, see :manual:`Capped Collections </core/capped-collections/>`
in the {+mdb-server+} manual.
```
